We offer a solution
For our climate
Lowering emissions isn’t something we do on the side. It’s an integrated part of everyday business.

As Waves grows, so too does our responsibility. We owe it to society, our listeners and creators to strive for a better future.

Listening to the science
The consequences of climate change are mounting by the day, and we all must work to be a part of the solution. As a streaming service, our impact on the climate isn’t always obvious. We exist in the digital space, but ultimately, our business is grounded in the physical world, in our office spaces, our suppliers’ data centers, and our listeners’ devices.

We can’t save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change and it has to start today.
— Greta Thunberg, TEDxStockholm on November 24, 2018
For your well being
Our Heart & Soul Ambassadors all went through this training and as of 2021 can support with:

Having an open and supportive conversation about mental health
Demonstrating empathy and non-judgmental listening
Recognizing some of the signs and symptoms of common mental health issues
Intervening in a mental health crisis
Guiding towards professional help and the appropriate internal support (self-care,
For diversity, inclusion & belonging
This year was the year of solidifying how we think about equity and inclusion — being more thoughtful about how we leverage our resources, being proactive about the way we represent our people and users, and being conscientious about how we show up in communities.

Therefor we have created a step-by-step process in how we hire new people

Unbiasify: We utilize Unbiasify to mitigate bias and enable blind resume reviews.
Textio: The Textio tool helps us craft job descriptions and messaging, with a focus on improving the inclusivity of communication.
Entelo: Entelo helps identify job applicants from different demographic groups to increase representation in our pipeline.
For your wallet
Free
Listen to music the way it’s meant to sound.

Good sound quality
60M+ songs
Listen offline with unlimited skips
Get started Learn more
Membership
Make your listening count.

Excellent sound quality
90M+ songs and 450K+ videos
Ad-free
Listen offline with unlimited skips
Direct artist payouts
Get started Learn more

For your education
This conceptual project has been created for learning purposes only and contains copyrighted images that do not belong to me, in assignment for Artevelde Hogeschool.

About us
Our story
Our history
Our future
Come join us!
Legal
Rules and regulations
Privacy statement
Legal department
Social